title: Start
tags: 
colorID: 0
position: 396,173
---
Baron of Boughs: Our Heavenly Phoenix is gone. She vanished last night.
Baron of Boughs: It's too late.
Baron of Boughs: Whatever is out there. It's going to swallow us.
Baron of Boughs: Whole.
Widow: I lost my husband.
Widow: My husband, my daughter, and my mother
Widow: To whatever this...thing is.
Clubman: We've all lost people.
Clubman: Your grief is no more than any other.
Baron of Boughs: We aren't discussing who lost the most.
Baron of Boughs:The question is...
Baron of Boughs:Should we not end it now?
Widow: What do you mean?
Widow: As in?
Baron of Boughs: Self-slaughter, yes.
Baron of Boughs: Deny whatever this is the pleasure of consumption.
Widow: Perhaps...I'm all alone. Perhaps...
Clubman: Come! Baker! What do you make of this madness!
-> Yes.
    Player: I think it's for the best.
    Player: We die by the barrier, or we die by our own hands.
    Widow: So there's no hope? No hope to change anything?
    Player: I don't think so. No.
    Baron of Boughs: That's what I thought as well.
    Baron of Boughs: Let us take this last night.
    Baron of Boughs: Tomorrow, those who wish to leave this world...
    Baron of Boughs: Can do so.
    Clubman: I can't do it. I won't do it. There must be something.
    Clubman: Somewhing we can take back.
-> No.
    Player: I saw one of the creatures.
    Widow: The pray men?
    Player: Yes. It called me Malignant.
    Baron of Boughs: Malignant?
    Player: It viewed me as a tumor.
    Player: It views us all as tumors.
    Baron of Boughs: And what does this mean?
    Player: It means we can't let something that views us as
    Player: no more than tumors...destroy us.
    Widow: Thank God.
    Widow: Someone with reason.
    Baron of Boughs: It is foolish to believe that an ant
    Baron of Boughs: given enough hope
    Baron of Boughs: will ever triumph over the foot of an elephant
//maybe a slightly longer pause here.
    Baron of Boughs: But fine, those who wish to perish by the barrier
    Baron of Boughs: do so.
    Baron of Boughs: Those who wish to choose their passing,
    Baron of Boughs: take this last night
    Baron of Boughs: and we will congregate here tomorrow.
//skipping ahead to the player leaving the town.
Baron of Boughs: Wait!
Baron of Boughs: What are you doing?
Baron of Boughs: Where are you going?
-> I'm not sure.
    Player: I don't know.
    Baron of Boughs: Don't give in!
    Baron of Boughs: Perhaps this is how!
    Baron of Boughs: How it's killing us!
    Player: What if it isn't?
    Baron of Boughs: What? Of course it is!
    Player: I spoke to it, again.
    Baron of Boughs: It's tricking you.
    Player: I think it's helping me.
    Baron of Boughs: You fool!
//screenshake on the next player line
    Player: You're the fool.
    Player: You hear that? That's it. Comforting us.
    Baron of Boughs:You cannot take comfort in that awful cry.
    Player: Ignorant Malignant.
-> Beyond the Barrier.
    Player: It called out to me.
    Baron of Boughs: Don't give in!
    Baron of Boughs: Perhaps this is how!
    Baron of Boughs: How it's killing us!
    Player: Cancer cells kill themselves.
//skipping ahead again

Baron of Boughs: You!
Baron of Boughs: You brought this on us.
Player: How?
Baron of Boughs: With your defiance of order!
Baron of Boughs: I needed your help in town.
Baron of Boughs: You disobeyed!
Player: And yet you are here.
Baron of Boughs: I was lured.
Baron of Boughs: Like you.
Baron of Boughs: Brainwashed.
Baron of Boughs: You're insolence made me weak.
Baron of Boughs: You ruined our self-slaughter!
//monster appears
Player: Look out!
Baron of Boughs: I trust nothing from you.
Baron of Boughs: Was it not Poiura who first vanished?
Baron of Boughs: Perhaps you two are the cause for all of it!
Player: Watch yourself. Poiura had nothing to do with this.
Baron of Boughs: Says you. The traitor.
    -> Take Aim
    Baron of Boughs: I knew you were a traitor.
    -> Do nothing
===
